V7 to 8 migration (#1727)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: v8documentation.md

## Finished Umbraco 8 Documentation:

> * [Content migration from v7 to v8](Getting-Started/Setup/Upgrading/upgrading-to-v8.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Content migration from Umbraco 7 to Umbraco 8](Getting-Started/Setup/Upgrading/upgrading-to-v8.md)
```
